Hi, I'm also a pariah, show you
this product he wanted ecc complaints to 540 perishables
is very similar to a mouse keyboard demonstrated to do
very little a couple of weeks ago
remains the previous version of this the mint 540 ref
to be exact
it is clear that we have here the most notable difference
is that one is silver colored merck color pilots
but naturally
certain differences
percent on the surface that as we said or how we have colored
black
is to maintain and has a touch similar to the lawyer they normally call
ski surface
a treatment that they give to plastic
to leave that aspect
good as many of several differences that keyboard with respect to the other the first
and more remarkable is
the multi touch pad the sun toasted that will be smaller than that of the
previous version
but what has been said has
functions
from 22 to say that it works with several of the heads of companies so that
use chairs
on the one hand the obstacle that is not done on one side
yes what you do cabbage two of two
ballots with 2 of 2 furniture the hand and months ago color
it's quite comfortable moody's also other functions like for example that
for a priísta abel the right button of the mouse
not only after put there but many have been many cons of the
filis opens
the context menu is opened is simply by clicking with the three zeros
at the same time at the same time
good are some of the functions that ted has on the other hand Peruvian
founded makes a most remarkable difference
can be
tel the receiver is aspe kenya
than the other
and that also the best reception we were talking about mud protest
I had
quite a pretty powerful range
in this case we are talking about the double but almost with this one with this
of course we can reach 15 or 20 meters away bonn quite easily
therefore good and in the other we highlighted this aspect
good if you really need something that already long distance
that your keyboard in every way
we are a look at the top right where we see three are you
ledesma has left
l battery i the good connection leader yes
he put as
11 a key and the computer receives it would be extend excellent
if we are short of batteries the celestial we visit them matching
would be lost in the center
by him
below the keyboard we can see door
we can see where bad condition
let's do it but without a vote from the past if we have
if we have the this troubadour mole we push this button
in less than 1 5 seconds we have to press this park
are linked so they are on the same radio channel
on the other hand in this case old previous regime efe
since ccoo we did not have here we have a bull below that is why
r does not light accidentally because we press human
a key that we have given part of these preparations
with a picasso we process more
small items to raise slightly
current ap
over here we can see
telmo where I return with forgiveness the baby
that we are sending a click stark
of a decade
good as times one is not a sin of troops of the previous government
we can highlight what they said they have
that has better reception of the other have greater reach
Regarding the keyboard we can see that the keys are placed more shape
Similary
boxes that portfolio despite everything did not have good air and also the
kind of very similar things are
they are the same keys they are of class in type of slim but of course enough
long as appeared a usual keyboard of the winners scored
figures collected is not the chemical keyboard coming from a laptop
i regarding other issues for good the 2 4
same has improved a little bit your comfort thanks to that see if you
will value the fear on the right
were necessary actions with which usually here all surface of 2
hours these fans
and to be honest with the two decisive points for client funds
move them
or not the left button and with rights' a little smaller
but they are much more suitable
stood out again
for the third time accusing him of the cafesg we have checked in the store
as through walls
from where they work perfectly with the present in place
It was difficult to say what
he said that the 20 meters
achieves
easily 15 meters with total security
so anyone in any condition says meters
it works perfectly
and good the receiver
what is said is a little bit smaller than the other apart by Syrian problems for
introduce them in the grant against another cable or whatever
good comes with a little village labrador to be able
install it
comfortably
Obviously it comes with many with your hand manual distinctions
they explain
Sixt explain all the functions of Herbert seems to have
also a pair of batteries to be able to work with everything as soon as in 4 a
Who
down like crazy or comfortable cbs keyboard
recommend last cases for both best servers in this city for
a media center to steal
three perfect to eat as well as a decision after that too
fully compatible with the powers to be able to chat in this field too
it works little
with many other devices for vázquez
is an accident keyboard and standaard ii the official summoned the pipe
compatible device
but he has wanted a taboo subject
there was a very nice together to keep going
dn in any operating system is not is not dependent so far
cooperative none
of its functions
i
these tod @ s
in this case in this way of public use more than the previous examination of
by him especially for the theme two fa
to the right
the other every now and then deprives the finger to the right
and state assets for errors is the point that I liked the most according to another
detail that is also appreciated this keyboard well appeared
autonomy of the other
visser amen of minor may wish
but optimistic two stacks instead of d4 comments the quoted to four stacks
triple ay this one has excused so only eight appointments are
two rows of triple type
the masts that the company is him from the keyboard
I'm good at what they say last they last long enough the truth is that
and if not to abuse the 2 palaces ready especially keyboard the batteries culture
months
it's mourning and it uses minutes when burned what else it can do up
the proposed batteries
eat with a combined use it is clear that there is that I can
little a week can be if you're using it continuously but for a
normal use for example to send at home
tower coah - the storm that can last
even months he the ranks of the rival
i that's all i want to thank harrison and the in her test phase the
assignment of this product
i
Well I hope that smoothed soon we will show you
not everyday